Minor fixes to "Optimize LCP" and "Optimize FID" articles (#3046)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/optimize-lcp/index.md

<link rel="preload" href="font.woff2" as="font" type="font/woff2" crossorigin>
```

> Preloading can be used along with [responsive images](/preload-responsive-images/) to combine both

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in Chrome 83, reloading can be used along with [responsive images](/preload-responsive-images/) to combine both
```

> patterns for much faster image loading.

Reviewer 2: We still need to know which version. This article needs to be clear that this isn't universally available. If Yoav's article is wrong, it needs to be updated.

Reviewer: Just pushed a commit to fix this
